♪ MTV ♪
[insects chirping]
[Teeter over phone]
Hey, what time is it there?
[Colby] Hour earlier
than it is in Texas.
[Teeter]
Ain't it strange how it's like
different times in two places,
but we're talking
at the same time?
Hell, it should take my voice
an hour to get to you.
I'm gonna let you
think that one through
and never tell anyone
you said it.
That's how much I love you.
♪ gentle music ♪
♪
- How much you what?
- I-I mean,
as a person, as a friend.
Don't read too much into it.
Oh, fuck you.
You love me and you said it.
I-I'm not... Look.
I'm two coffees away
from having this conversation.
[scoffs]
Hey, you know what's going on?
Ryan won't tell us nothing.
[sighs]
It's not really my place to say.
But I'll say this: if you have
any big plans for the future,
I'd start working on them.
I got big plans.
[Walker]
Teeter.
[Teeter]
I got to go.
I love you, too.
[chuckles]
- [tapping]
- [sighs]
What are you gonna do?
Do about what?
The ranch.
[sighs]
I don't know.
[country music
playing on stereo]
Are you gonna stay on?
If Kayce's running it
and Rip's running it, yeah.
Some rich dude buys it
just to play cowboy?
Eh, plenty of outfits
still punching cows
the old-fashioned way.
I guess I go find one of them.
What other outfits?
Oh, there's
the Sunlight in Wyoming,
the N Bar, the Coffee,
the Q Creek.
Then there's the Haythorn
in Nebraska.
There's a bunch of big outfits
in Arizona and New Mexico.
Then there's all those ranches
in Texas,
but I ain't built for that heat.
Thank you.
Thinking about
quitting us already?
Well, if the ranch gets sold.
It don't matter.
Some billionaire will buy it
and visit twice a year
and leave us alone.
Nothing'll change.
- Not for us, anyways.
- [Lloyd] Yeah?
Lloyd, go get the ledger,
will you?
[grunts softly]
Those heifers
still on the river bottom?
Yeah, with the bulls.
Here's the cows.
Will they bid on them at 45?
- Yeah.
- [chair scrapes]
Go ahead and pull the bulls
and bring the heifers in.
You want to
brake-check 'em, boss?
No, I want to sell 'em.
The bulls, too.
Any of them two-year-old dinks?
- There's a few outlaws in there.
- Yeah? Ethan?
Three or four that are
pretty bad-minded
and the rest will come around.
Yeah? How many
you working right now?
- Total?
- Mm-hmm.
Been working all the Texas
Cruz colts. That's ten.
- Okay.
- Problem child's another five,
and then my two, so 17.
- Okay. How's your two?
- They're nice.
All right, I want you
to hold them back,
send the rest to Billings.
We're gonna put 'em
in the auction.
Yes, sir.
I got one that
can't go in the auction.
Sumbitch needs to put down.
Lloyd, just figure it out.
Donate him.
To who, the fucking circus?
He's a man-eater.
All right, I'll take care of it.
Carter?
Go start saddling
three-year-olds for everybody.
- Me included. [clears throat]
- [Carter] Uh, yes, sir.
You care which ones?
It don't matter.
They all need rode.
[door opens, closes]
I'm gonna put a contract
on everything in Texas.
It all gets sold.
Everything?
- The whole damn herd.
- Then all we've got's
what's in the lower pasture
along 89.
And hell, that ain't 500 pairs.
Any gelding that's over
six years old gets sold, too.
So go through your string.
We're gonna have
a dispersal sale here next week
if we can get our shit together
in time.
Let's go to work.
♪
- [Lloyd] Hey, boss.
- Yeah.
We out of business?
Trying to save the business,
Lloyd.
Uncle Sam wants
his pound of flesh.
And we don't want to give it
to him in land.
♪ "Highway Feet"
by Larry Fleet ♪
♪
Rainer, she ain't.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Living on the highway ♪
♪ Kept us lean and mean... ♪
[mutters]
♪ Like a fine mo-chine ♪
♪ Have to see
an old tour T-shirt ♪
♪ Just to find out
where we've been... ♪
Hey. Shh.
♪ On our highway feet
back then ♪
♪ Lord knows
this ol' traveling band's ♪
♪ Been hemmed up quite a while,
laying around here... ♪
[Travis]
Jimmy.
What in the fuck are you doing?
- Jimmy, stop. Stop the horse.
- I don't know
- what's wrong with him. He--
- Well, I know what's wrong
with him. You got him
in a fucking gator snaffle.
- What'd he do?
- Do you see the fucking bit
he's got in this horse's mouth?
- [laughs] Look.
- [man chuckles] He wants
- to ride the roller coaster.
- [laughs] Yes.
- What's a gator snaffle?
- [Travis] Uh, it's the last stop
before the sale barn, man.
That bit's for monsters.
Why do they call it
a gator snaffle?
Because you can ride
an alligator
- with that nasty fucker.
- [Travis] Danica,
can you go grab me
that Kerry Kelly
dog bone snaffle
before this idiot gets killed?
What do you do? Do you just
wake up in the morning
and you just try
to think of ways
to get fucking bucked
off a horse?
Look, I know you're dumb.
We-we, we all know you're...
You know you're dumb,
but I didn't think
you were that fucking dumb.
And I don't think
you are that dumb.
You know what I think?
I think you're sitting here
missing that little brunette
and you're gonna get your ass
bucked off, all right?
You're the one who wanted
to be a horse trainer, buddy.
All right? You want to go back
and prowl heifers, be my guest.
- [phone vibrating]
- [clears throat] I'm sorry.
Goddamn. I mean, do you see
the shit I have to deal with?
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Man, this Jimmy is one dizzy
son of a bitch. Why the fuck
- did y'all send him here?
- [Rip chuckles]
Yeah, well, that's
part of his charm.
[chuckles] Yeah, I don't
see a lot of charm in it.
What's going on, brother?
So I'm guessing
you haven't heard?
[laughs]
It's 106 here by noon, man.
I'm on the first one by 2 a.m.
We don't stop till sundown.
If they dropped a bomb
on New York City,
I would not know about it.
Well, they didn't,
but they just dropped one on us.
John Dutton died.
Really? What happened?
Well, that's a story
for another time.
Listen, I need your help, brother.
Yeah. What can I do?
How fast can you move
all of our horses?
- We got to free up some cash.
- Look, man,
you guys rushed into buying
these things, all right?
Don't rush selling them.
Okay? Let me do this
the right way.
Well, I mean,
move as fast as you can.
What we don't sell there we'll
disperse at a sale up here.
Let me sell all the show horses
down here, okay?
They're gonna bring 30 cents
on the dollar up there.
Shit. Our heads
are in the guillotine.
Yeah.
We're in a real spot.
Okay, well, that's not gonna
make it any better.
All right? Let me do this
the right way, okay?
I don't think your boy knows.
You want me
to hand him the phone?
I mean, to be honest
with you, brother, I...
...I don't have the heart.
All right, don't worry about it.
Yeah.
I'll take care of it.
I appreciate it.
We got to sell
all the Yellowstone horses.
- Okay?
- Like fire sale?
No, we got to try
and get top dollar,
get-get what we can, all right?
All right, well, I'll call
- all the usual suspects.
- Yep, yep.
Danica, do me a favor.
Take her.
Walk with me, Jimmy.
[exhales]
Look, please don't fire me.
Don't get me wrong. I...
I'm sick of this shit,
I hate your fucking guts,
but you are
one of the best at this.
He is one of the best at this,
he's one of the best at this.
And...
I want to be
one of the best at this.
So, I...
I need you.
Well, look at that.
Finally growing some huevos.
Good for you.
I ain't gonna fire you, Jimmy.
But I'm gonna send you home
for the week.
I'm gonna give you the week off,
all right?
So you go snuggle that brunette.
Wait, you're giving me
the week off?
That's the good news.
Bad news is why.
John Dutton passed away.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
Wh... How?
I don't know. I don't--
Does it matter?
It don't make a difference now.
I know y'all were close.
I'm sorry. Take a week.
He was the only one that ev--
Just take the week, Jimmy.
Okay?
[coughs]
I'll take him, Danica.
Thank you.
[grunts]
What are you doing there, bud?
I'll take the weekend,
but I'm not gonna take the week.
He was a cowboy.
So he wouldn't have wanted
work missed because of him.
Fuck. Sorry.
Um...
Yeah.
Boy, I hate that old arena dust.
Gets to me, too, you know?
Best thing you can do,
Jimmy, is just
outrun it.
♪
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[Dillard] Was she providing
legal advice for the state?
No, no.
It was a...
[sniffles]
a strictly
personal relationship.
Wasn't in Montana
conducting business?
Not that I'm aware of, no.
Staying here with you?
Yeah.
Do you mind
if we collect her things?
Her clothes?
I'm assuming she had a suitcase.
Oh.
Yeah.
Um, it's, um, it's upstairs.
- I'll go get it.
- Oh, that's okay.
Um, we can't have you
touching it,
if you just tell us where it is.
Why would, uh,
why would her clothing
be relevant to her attack?
The-the news said
it was a carjacking.
That's what the officer said.
Officers aren't detectives.
There was no attempt
to open the vehicle door.
Uh, window was down.
Purse in her lap.
It appears more like
she was targeted.
Is the bedroom upstairs?
Well, wait,
to-to search this house,
you're gonna
have to have a warrant.
We don't need a warrant.
You already gave us
permission to enter the house.
I did not give you
permission to search it.
Nor have you witnessed
anything suspicious
to give you the authority
to suspend
the requirement of a warrant.
One could argue your behavior
right now is suspicious.
What, 'cause I don't want
you rummaging through my house?
I am exercising my rights.
Maybe you don't recall
what I do for a living,
but I am the fucking
attorney general of the state.
And you're treating me
like I'm a suspect.
Uh, n-no, I wasn't.
But I will now.
All right, I'll go.
I'll go upstairs
and I'll get it for you.
I think we're past that.
We'll come back with a warrant.
Warrant entails lights,
sirens, news crews.
You know the deal.
Course you do.
You're the fucking
attorney general.
[door opens, closes]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[unzipping bags]
Morning.
Don't know how many to expect.
Yeah.
Fewer every year.
Thank you for doing this.
Oh, I enjoyed doing it.
Cooking is the only
meaningful task
you can complete
in less than an hour.
I can think of a few others.
You want these
in the dining room?
No.
I'm not stepping foot in
that dining room ever again.
Let's eat here.
Sounds good to me.
Tate?
Will you tell your father
breakfast is ready?
We're gonna eat in here.
[door opens]
[Tate]
Hey, breakfast is ready.
Dad?
Breakfast.
Be right there, bud.
[ringtone playing]
Hey.
[Dillard]
I just met with your brother.
You know this Sarah Atwood?
I never met her
but I know of her.
You know what happened?
Carjacking, right?
No, man, she was targeted.
Your brother
is refusing to cooperate.
Does that surprise you?
Not really.
Is the file in my left hand
connected to the file
in my right hand, Kayce?
Do I think my brother had
anything to do with either file?
I don't know.
Do I think she had
something to do with it?
Yeah, I think she had
everything to do with it.
You know who she works for?
Law firm in New York.
Who's her client, Dillard?
You tell me.
The airport.
Okay.
So, the attorney general
was having a sexual relationship
with outside counsel
on the development project
that your father shut down.
You starting to get the picture?
Look, Kayce,
you've had
enough grenades go off
in your world,
so if you need us to
speed up or slow down over here,
because when the lid
comes off of this mess...
This mess has already hurt us
as much as it can.
You mash on the gas, my friend.
Your brother's
in the blast radius.
Well, he put himself there.
♪ intriguing music ♪
♪
[phone rings]
You remember Grant Horton?
Special activities?
Yeah, he's over there.
Do you have an address?
I'm gonna go shake this fucker.
Yeah, I'll send it through.
Hey, get a new phone
and a new number.
You throw this one
in the fucking trash, all right?
Done.
[phone chimes]
Why don't you ever
cook like this at home?
- I do cook like this at home.
- [scoffs]
A bowl of cereal ain't cooking.
Well, now cereal's what you get.
I got to show you something.
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
[Beth gasps]
She was the point of contact.
I fucking knew it.
The police are circling Jamie.
This is all gonna come
to a head real quick.
Oh...
If they arrest Jamie,
he will sing every secret
our father ever had.
He will ruin this family's name
to save his own.
There's not much we can do.
The whole world is watching.
There's not much
you can do about it.
The best lies are 90% true,
and I'm the best fucking liar.
You leave Jamie to me.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ pastoral music ♪
♪
[all vocalizing]
[phone vibrates]
Yeah.
Lloyd, how old is that maneater?
Three.
He's three-year-old, yeah.
I can have him there
by this afternoon.
All right.
Hey, Colby, load up
that three-year-old and get
him to the Billings, will you?
I'm telling you, he ain't right.
Don't put him in an auction.
He ain't going
to the fucking auction.
He's taking a ride to Mexico.
♪ "Hard Livin'"
by Chris Stapleton ♪
♪ I used to love
to look for a fight ♪
♪ I'd get drunk
and shoot out the lights ♪
♪ I was known
to get out of hand... ♪
Hep, hep, hep.
♪ A rough and rowdy... ♪
All right, let's split
the mamas from the babies.
♪ Never thought ♪
♪ It would happen to me... ♪
Nice work.
[cowboys vocalizing, exclaiming]
[whistling]
♪ Hard living ♪
♪ Ain't easy
as it used to be... ♪
[Walker]
Hell, we just got here,
now we're loading 'em?
I know.
Teeter, Walker, you're up.
♪ Never thought... ♪
- [Walker] Hyah!
- [Teeter] Hyah!
Hey. Hey, hey, hey!
[vocalizing, exclaiming
continues]
[whistling]
♪ But this hard living... ♪
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
♪ Ain't easy as it used to be ♪
[horse whinnying softly]
I ought to let you
stand there and die of thirst.
[chuffing]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[neighs loudly]
[horse neighs shrilly]
[snorts, chuffs]
[hoof clomping]
- [neighs]
- Aah!
[Colby]
Carter.
♪ tense music ♪
[Carter]
I need help.
♪
- Carter.
- [hooves clomping]
[neighing]
Stay real still.
Okay.
When I push him back,
you crawl out
as fast as you can.
Ready?
Go.
[neighs]
[grunts]
[horse neighing loudly]
[gunshot in distance]
Ethan, stay with the herd.
Lloyd!
It's... it's my fault. He...
He told me not to go
in a stall alone,
but he spilled his water.
I... His side got me down.
♪ mournful music ♪
♪
This is my fault.
It's-it's my fault.
It ain't your fault.
If it's anyone's fault,
it's mine.
[line ringing]
Hey, hey! Hey, hey!
[Walker] Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey.
[Teeter]
Hey, hey. Hey.
[ringtone playing]
Hey. Yeah, they're loaded up.
Trucks are pulling out
right now.
I should have the last one
on the road in about an hour.
Huh?
Yes, sir,
I'll tell her right now.
Everything all right?
[sniffles]
Just lost my best friend, Jay.
♪ mournful music ♪
♪
- ♪
- [dialogue inaudible]
Is everything okay?
Nothing's okay, Ethan.
Not anymore.
Give me a hand.
Yeah.
♪
Teeter, can I give you a hand?
I ain't forgot how to unsaddle
a fucking horse.
♪
[Jake]
Rip say what happened?
A stud got Carter down.
Kicked Colby
when he went in to help.
It was quick.
Never saw coming.
Like that makes a difference.
Just saying he didn't suffer.
He's a cowboy.
Suffering's the job.
I just wish he would have
suffered a little longer
so I could say goodbye.
♪ plaintive music ♪
♪
♪ somber music ♪
[motor idling]
We'll walk back from here.
We gonna bury him here?
I'm sure he'd like
to be close to his family.
I'm sure they'd like to have him
close so they can visit.
I meant Grandpa.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll bury him here.
Where?
Next to my mother.
This where you want
to be buried?
That's... that's for you
to decide.
Well, if it's what you want.
Well, I just...
I just want to be close to you.
I'll be at home.
Unless this is our home.
No, here's not our home.
Not anymore.
Tell your mother
I'll be up in a minute, okay?
Hey.
I don't want to bury you.
Anywhere.
I sure hope you do, son,
because I couldn't survive
the alternative.
[Cade]
Hey.
I can see it now.
I know what to do.
Good.
I need your help.
You have it.
Comes with a risk.
All favors do, Kayce.
♪
[microwave beeps]
[door closes]
Which bunk is his?
I'll show you.
No rush to clear it out.
I spoke with his mother.
She'd like his things.
Well, hell, he ain't got much--
a saddle in the barn
and this foot locker.
[sighs]
Wait, isn't that bad luck?
Well, it is
until your luck runs out.
Then it's the right spot.
If you don't mind,
maybe you could leave that.
He's got a lady coming back.
She's gonna need something
to cling to.
Fair enough.
Oh...
You give me an address,
I'll mail this locker
first thing in the morning.
It's right here on the box.
Okay.
Little Carter in here?
I haven't seen him.
Thank you, Lloyd.
You don't waste any time.
It ain't the kind of thing
you want laying around.
Where'd you bury it?
We didn't bury it.
That one feeds the wolves.
No Carter?
Tack room.
Thanks.
[knocking]
[door closes]
I fell in love in this room.
I got pregnant in this room.
And then I told
the love of my life...
...that I never wanted
to see him again.
He was sat right where you are.
Why'd you do that?
[sighs]
I was ashamed.
And I was scared.
You take these things out
on the ones you love the most,
for some reason.
[sighs]
You're blaming yourself, huh?
Who else is there to blame?
There is no one to blame at all.
I wasn't supposed to be
in there by myself.
Well, that is your reason.
Rip's reason will be that
he should have
sold that horse sooner
or he should have come back in.
Lloyd is blaming himself for
a reason that I can't think of.
But the reality is, honey...
...Colby made a choice.
He saw you in trouble.
And he chose to help you.
And I'm sure glad that he did.
I'm grateful.
And you should be, too.
Otherwise, he did it
for nothing.
So, you can honor his sacrifice.
Or you can squander it.
And that will be your fault.
[sighs]
You gonna stay here tonight?
I-I don't know.
Well, if I were you, I, uh,
I wouldn't want to wrestle
with this by myself.
I'd want to be with my family.
I don't got a family.
Sure you do.
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ serene music ♪
♪
[footsteps approaching]
I'm gonna light a fire.
It's too warm for a fire.
I know.
But I like looking at 'em.
A little...
Boy Scout juice.
Et voilá.
Now, when you
throw your whiskey glass
in the fire,
you get a big fireball.
You'll really feel like
you did something.
Why would I throw my glass
in the fire, Beth?
Well, baby,
you need to throw something.
Hey, I'm not gonna watch you
bottle this up all night.
[liquid pouring]
You want me to throw something?
Feel good, huh?
You know, when I find myself
in the position of therapist...
...this family's pretty fucked.
So, what do you need?
What do you need to...
...not feel this pain
or this guilt,
whatever it is you're feeling?
All I ever need
is time and you, Beth.
♪ hopeful music ♪
♪
You know,
if I started feeling guilty
for all the...
the mistakes I've made...
...guilt is all I'd feel.
Do I wish I would have
gone myself?
Hell yeah, I do, but...
goddamn it, I didn't.
It's a dangerous job.
And one day it'll kill me, too.
You know, this room...
...is the only one
in the house I like.
Yeah.
Me too.
You care to explain this to me?
I do not.
What I'm doing
isn't best for the ranch.
It's what's best for you.
For us.
I'll be back tomorrow night.
Promise?
I swear.
♪ pensive music ♪
♪
I can see it now.
I know what to do.
Believe in me.
[scoffs softly]
I've always
believed in you, Kayce.
I love you.
Come back to us.
You have my word.
[wind softly whistling]
Morning.
[Beth sighs]
That it is.
I mean, good morning.
Well, that's fairly presumptuous
based on the string of mornings
we've put together lately.
You want breakfast?
Already made it.
Um, can you ask Kayce to join me
on the porch when he's done?
He left.
Left where?
[whistle blows]
[parents cheering, clamoring]
Come on, Ally.
Don't let 'em out.
Oh, pass it! Pass left!
Shoot it!
- [whistle blows]
- [whoops]
There you go!
Nice job, ladies.
[cheering, applause continuing]
Good job! Way to go!
Good job, sport.
All right, you did
the right thing.
When someone's
posted up in front of you,
you pass to the open forward.
But she got the goal.
Yeah, but you got the win.
Come on.
Seat belt.
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Drive.
Start the car and drive
or you can clean up the mess.
Where am I going?
Just drive straight and
drive the fucking speed limit.
You should be scared.
You know what
your daddy does for a living?
Do you know who I am?
I do not.
Get so cocky in the private
sector you forgot
to build out immediate family
on a target, Grant?
It's not the way
you were trained.
Listen, man, what we do,
it is strictly--
I want you to listen.
I don't want you to talk.
I am what you are.
You understand
what I mean by that?
Yeah, I understand
what you mean.
You got separation.
You can't be connected.
Great, you saved me the trouble.
But if you try
to hedge your bets
by getting distance
with my family,
I will paint yours
on the fucking wall.
I should kill you
in front of her
for what you did to my father,
but I'm gonna trade
my family for yours.
You think you can't be touched?
Look how easy this was for me.
I have 12 years in the teams.
Think about
how many friends I have.
You don't want this fight.
You can't win it.
We got enough separation.
- We don't need anything else.
- Pull over.
I have your DoD file.
I know your address.
I know where your parents live,
I know where your wife works,
I know everything.
You touched me, but I can
touch you whenever I want.
It's bottled up.
You and me, we're good.
We're so far from fucking good
you couldn't see it
standing on your roof
at 2713 West Elm.
If I were you, I'd move.
'Cause I might
wake up tomorrow and decide
we don't have a deal.
You got me?
No!
Stop, please.
Where I come from,
we call that counting coup.
That means
I took a piece of your soul
and I'm gonna keep it.
And, yeah, you should cry.
Have fun explaining this
to your wife.
When I get out, you take off.
You look back, I kill you both.
♪
How'd it go?
I think he understands.
Did you count coup?
I counted coup.
Then he understands.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪